Y
I remember that my mom made us a
honey water atole with very rich dough
for all my brothers and then in
those years was what they go wyk and without
an excellent
A) Yes
we uncover it
we solved with him the cocotte
and deposit in the container
Y
for us the barbecue is something very
important since it represents the
opportunity of power is to share with the
people who visit us during our
festivities throughout the year as well
for us because this is a way of
lifetime
this tradition has around 100
years our ancestors started
make the barbecue square here that
they did it in this place down here is
the custom of making it the barbecue is
something we do
the just institutional regulation
grant I go the permission to sell
cured and natural pulques that
properties of pulque are those of my
Robust children eliminates diabetes
stimulates sex and it's also 4 because
we even named him his name
pulque de san andrés because here they
we name that they go to bed 2 and they wake up 3
the people here from boyer was created with
Pulque is very temperamental
okay
I feel that the square of the barbecue and
the pulque is very important to attend
to the diners who visit us from
all the states of the republic because
our barbecue and pulque fair
is recognized nationally and up to
on an international level
it makes us proud and fills us
of satisfactions to be able to count on
with all the people that can visit us
and of course we are waiting for you with
taste, we do not wait for you with pleasure
share with them is from our party
well I'm going to a unique and special place
where you live with joy
traditions or the taste and the party of
our fair
Today is a tradition with a flavor
Province
In the name of God, I'm going to take
this little dot I wish I did not get drunk
and if I get drunk that they do not fight and if
I fight that wins